I have used bert model for sentiment analysis of the wkikipedia comments.

BERT base model (uncased)
Pretrained model on English language using a masked language modeling (MLM) objective. It was introduced in this paper 
and first released in this repository. This model is uncased: it does not make a difference between english and English.

The team releasing BERT did not write a model card for this model so this model card has been written by the Hugging 
Face team.

Model description
BERT is a transformers model pretrained on a large corpus of English data in a self-supervised fashion. This means it 
was pretrained on the raw texts only, with no humans labeling them in any way (which is why it can use lots of publicly 
available data) with an automatic process to generate inputs and labels from those texts. More precisely, it was 
pretrained with two objectives:

Masked language modeling (MLM): taking a sentence, the model randomly masks 15% of the words in the input then run the 
entire masked sentence through the model and has to predict the masked words. This is different from traditional 
recurrent neural networks (RNNs) that usually see the words one after the other, or from autoregressive models like 
GPT which internally masks the future tokens. It allows the model to learn a bidirectional representation of the sentence.
Next sentence prediction (NSP): the models concatenates two masked sentences as inputs during pretraining. Sometimes 
they correspond to sentences that were next to each other in the original text, sometimes not. The model then has to 
predict if the two sentences were following each other or not.

This way, the model learns an inner representation of the English language that can then be used to extract features 
useful for downstream tasks: if you have a dataset of labeled sentences, for instance, you can train a standard 
classifier using the features produced by the BERT model as inputs.

Model variations
BERT has originally been released in base and large variations, for cased and uncased input text. The uncased models 
also strips out an accent markers.
Modified preprocessing with whole word masking has replaced subpiece masking in a following work, with the release 
of two models.
Other 24 smaller models are released afterward.